Now that you've seen how to get containers up and running on Kubernetes,
let's take a look at a final command on how to stop and remove containers
that might be inside of Kubernetes pods.
Now, earlier, you saw me used the kubectl command to delete,
and we deleted a specific item and that particular item was a deployment.
Now that led to everything that the deployment created being deleted as well.
Well,
in cases where we have multiple Docker Compose services that have been
converted into deployments and services for Kubernetes, we can use the same
type of command, but we can use the folderName.
So instead of kubectl delete deployment and then the name of
the deployment, we can actually say hey,
here's a folder, go ahead and run everything in there and undo it, delete
it, and that makes it very easy to clean up everything.
So let's take a look at how we can do that with the existing
app that we got running in Kubernetes.
So coming back to the console earlier where we did the port forward command,
we can go ahead and stop that, but doing that, of course,
just keeps everything running.
We're just not forwarding that port any longer.
So if we do a kubectl and we get the pods, we're going to see all the pods.
Now, I could delete each individual pod,
of course,
but because we already have all the manifest definitions for
the deployments and the services defined,
we could go ahead and do a delete command that simply
points to this folder as you saw.
So we can do a kubectl delete and then we'll give it
the path to the Kubernetes folder.
Now doing this is going to go ahead and run everything that
you see in this folder off to the left, but kind of in reverse,
if you will.
So, in essence, when we first ran this and we applied these different files,
we were creating the future, if you will.
Now we're kind of reversing time.
We're going back to what we originally had. So we'll give it a sec,
and now I'll come in and do a kubectl on the pods and you'll notice
there are still a few there, some are gone,
but they're terminating you'll see in the status there.
Now if we come in and get the services,
everything is gone at this point, except for the cluster IP for Kubernetes.
All the different services we started earlier have been cleaned up.
Now let's go back finally to our pods and let's see where we're at here
and there we go. Now everything has been cleaned up.
So by using the kubectl delete command with a ‑f switch, that
provides a really easy way to get our containers not only
stopped, but completely removed.
And then, of course, we also saw earlier how ‑f could be used with the apply,
and that makes it very easy to apply deployments or services and
get our containers up and running and talking.
So that provides an example of some of the different kubectl
commands and I hope that gets you started.
There is a lot more we could talk about,
of course,
with Kubernetes, but the goal of this particular module was
to move from Docker Compose to Kubernetes, and we've now got that process going.